
This is a server for my PhotoCloud application.

Depends on following packages:

npm install express cors ajv serve-index multer exif-parser express-session passport passport-google-oauth20 dotenv sharp

Setup local .env file with 

SESSION_SECRET= This is the secret used to sign the session ID cookie. It should be a random string generated by crypto.js ( node crypto ). 

Now setup Google OAuth:

1. Go to the Google Developers Console: Google Developers Console.
2. Open or create a new project.
3. Go to the OAuth consent screen and configure the consent screen. This is where you specify the information that will be shown to users when they log in using their Google account.
4. Add Scopes for the API access if necessary (e.g., if you need to access Google Drive, add those scopes).

Step 2: Create OAuth 2.0 Credentials

    In your project on the Google Developers Console, go to Credentials.
    Click on Create Credentials and choose OAuth client ID.
    Select Web application as the application type.
    Set the Authorized JavaScript origins to the base URL of your site (e.g., http://localhost:8000 if you are developing locally).
    Set the Authorized redirect URIs to your callback URL (e.g., http://localhost:8000/auth/google/callback).
    Create and note down the Client ID and Client Secret.

    these needs to be updated into the local .env file you need to create:

GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID= .. Client ID from Google OAuth registration data ..
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET= .. Client Secret from Google OAuth registration data ..

Launch the login process on the /auth/google subpath

